
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "object"
  campaign: "TTRPGs/The World of Geb/The World of Geb.md"
tasks: 
  - id: "0d04fd28-70f0-4d69-88f7-45eda2baa23c"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Object"
    description: "Complete Object Kabriri"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
data: 
  description: "While the practice might be considered taboo, there are many reasons why one might resort to cannibalism. In some cultures, the consumption of the dead is meant to honor ancestors and bring their strength into you. In others, cannibalism is a way to protect the body from supernatural predation. Others believe that consumption helps to separate the body from the soul. Still, some engage in cannibalism as a show of strength and power to their enemies. And of course, base survival in dire situations can force the choice on those morally opposed to the practice.\nIn Kabriri’s case, none of the above reasoning applied. It was purely curiosity and malice. While the details of his life are shrouded and obscured by eons of myth, the story goes that Kabriri was the first elf to knowingly feed on the flesh of his own kind. These myths go on to obscure the name of his first victim entirely, for Kabriri fed upon him in order to take from him everything he knew, including his very identity. By consuming him, Kabriri sought to replace him entirely before and after death. And upon finding that the sensation of power and fear in the eyes of his victim seasoned the flesh just so, Kabriri vowed to feed only on the flesh of elves from that point forward. When the other elves rose up against him in horror, even as they watched some of their own succumb to Kabriri’s poisonous preaching, it was too late. Kabriri was reborn in the Abyss as the first ghoul.\nIn those early days, when society was still finding its way, Kabriri traveled to many worlds. He sampled from the graveyards on each like a gourmand and spread his infectious “word” among those who had the misfortune to listen. By infecting the inhabitants of innumerable worlds with the first and strongest strain of ghoul fever, Kabriri ensured his faith grew strong. Yet wherever he traveled, Kabriri avoided the burial sites of elves and did not spread his word among their kind. Whether it was fear or shame or something else entirely that drove Kabriri to spare those among whom he once walked while living, repercussions of this avoidance continue to this very day, both in the fact that a ghoul’s touch cannot paralyze an elf and in that humanoids who succumb to ghoul fever themselves find their ears growing long and pointed in undeath, as if in some cosmic mockery of the elven form."
```


## Personification and Realm
Kabriri, known also as “Him Who Gnaws,” appears as a muscular ghoul with pointed ears, red eyes, and hooves for feet. Typically he appears in rotting clothing held together by a lattice of leather strips crafted from dried elf flesh and sinew, and he is never encountered without his favored weapon at hand—a twin-headed flail made of bone and iron chain. Scholars have long debated the nature of Kabriri’s feet, wondering why the more common ghouls who venerate him on so many worlds have humanlike feet, while ghouls of Leng have hooved feet like Kabriri but tend to worship entirely different gods. So far, none have discovered a satisfying answer. Kabriri dwells in the Abyss, in a vast necropolis called Everglut. This immense city is filled with ghouls, whispering graveworms, carrion feeders, and worse creatures of the deep, existing within a single vast cavern surrounded by a labyrinthine network of warrens and tunnels that connect Everglut’s graveyard/banquet halls with countless Material Plane worlds. Lit by eerie green light that drips from immense hanging roots and stalactites far above to pool in shimmering puddles below, Everglut’s libraries are unusually vast. Here, legions of ghoul scribes toil to record the countless secrets of the dead, often employing complex ciphers to help protect those secrets from anyone other than themselves.
## Dogma and Worshippers
On Golarion Kabriri’s faith is widespread, yet belief in Him Who Gnaws is strongest among those who dwell in the Darklands city of Nemret-Noktoria, which is ruled by his high-priest on this world, Kortash Khain. Ghouls, and thus the faithful of Kabriri, can be found all over the world, though, often taking root in smaller rural areas like the hinterlands of the town of Sandpoint in Varisia or numerous remote hamlets throughout Ustalav. Those who venerate Kabriri seek to learn the secrets of the dead—knowledge held by living souls that they took with them to the grave. Such knowledge can be extracted by supernatural means, but many ghouls utilize more mundane methods of research, such as stealing journals or inferring truths by covertly listening to living relatives mourn and recall their dearly departed. The pursuit of vast libraries of knowledge is at the core of many ghoul warrens, in the hopes that some day a warren’s collection might attract Kabriri’s attention and secure an invitation to relocate to Everglut. While Kabriri views most ghouls as members of his flock, there are two notable exceptions that deserve mention. Leng ghouls, according to Kabriri’s teachings, came to be when he gifted the people of Leng with his fever only to have them turn their backs on him and maintain their faiths in their older gods. As such, Leng ghouls are often counted as pariahs or heretics by worshippers of Kabriri. Of course, Leng ghouls are quick to offer the counterargument that their records show that they existed well before Kabriri came to visit them, suggesting that Kabriri wasn’t in fact the first ghoul—he was merely the first “ghoul of lower quality.” The other category of outcasts is the slowly growing number of non-evil ghouls, particularly those who worship Nocticula or Arazni. That these ghouls seek to limit their feeding only to those who died of natural causes and seek to share the secrets of the dead with living allies marks them as the faith’s most hated enemies.
## Temples and Shrines
Shrines to Kabriri are often little more than tunnels and chambers dug below graveyards, with roots and even coffins hanging from the ceiling above. Ghouls who’ve mastered the unique architectural style of carving warrens below graveyards in a way that prevents collapse are quite valued as the caretakers of these shrines, which often incorporate repurposed vaults that have been befouled and corrupted into the shrine’s whole. Larger temples to Kabriri built in mockery of other faiths, particularly that of Pharasma, can be found in cities like Nemret Noktoria, where ghouls can walk uncontested on the streets. Equally vast and complex cathedral temples can be found in other locations. Though they’re also shaped to mock temples of other faiths, they’re generally hidden from sight and built entirely underground. In many such places, grisly stained-glass windows look out upon solid stone but are lit from without by an otherworldly green light, giving the impression that, despite being underground, these eerie windows look out upon a strange and alien landscape. Kabriri’s symbol is an elven skull with the top removed to reveal a hollow interior that has been filled with maggots. In many temples and shrines, other humanoid skulls are used in place of an elven skull, but the maggots always remain and are said to represent the physical form of the secrets of the dead. These grave worms are the only form of life the faith legitimately adores.
## A Priest’s Role
Priests of Kabriri are expected to maintain a warren’s shrine, to help protect the ghouls of their flock from persecution by holy warriors and the like, but also to organize the methods by which they can procure their meals. In larger warrens, a priest’s role extends into that of librarian as well, as they are charged to protect the holding’s collection of secrets and tomes.
## Holidays
The faithful of Kabriri worship no particular fixed holiday, but often regard days associated with the burial of the dead with something more akin to excitement than reverence. To a ghoul, on holidays like the Pharasmin’s Day of Bones, when corpses are interred at no cost to the bereaved, there is an anticipation in the air that’s more like that before a day of feasting and gluttony than any religious reverence. Individual ghouls often regard the day they first “woke” as a ghoul as a particularly proud anniversary, as the longer a ghoul lives, the more secrets one can expect them to have accumulated. Worshippers of Kabriri blasphemously call these days their “birthdays,” for to worship the day you died and rose as a ghoul as your “birth” appeals to Kabriri’s twisted sense of humor—particularly when one considers that Pharasma herself holds power over birth as much as death. In ghoul societies that include members who are more than a century “old” in this manner, those elders’ birthdays often become days of festivity as well, and are referred to by the ghoul’s name. When two ghouls in a society share the same birthday, conflicts inevitably occur. Of course, the greatest of these birthdays is Kabriri’s Day. Since none (Kabriri included) recalls the day he was reborn as a ghoul, most ghoul societies celebrate Kabriri’s Day on the first day of the year, during which old bones and preserved mummies from ancient eras are brought out like fine wine for the community to sample and enjoy.
## Aphorisms
Worshippers of Kabriri often quote the following aphorisms, particularly when they feel newer additions to their warren need to be reminded that, as a ghoul, you can “live forever,” and that there’s usually no need to rush.
### Bite the Best, Eat the Rest
Ghouls can infect the living with a bite, and the spread of ghoul fever can, if left unchecked, quickly devastate a community. So why don’t towns with ghouls haunting their graveyards quickly succumb? Because Kabriri teaches the wisdom of secrecy and population control. A ghoul who dwells unsuspected below a graveyard can feed on a town’s dead for generations, but once too many ghouls rise, they not only become a more noticeable threat for heroes to eliminate, but those one-time graveyard buffets are spread far too thin. Successful colonies of ghouls keep their numbers small, pick and choose who they allow to join, and, yes, eat the rest. This phrase is often used by ghouls as a reminder that not every potential project or goal needs to be pursued, particularly among ghoul scriveners and scribes who sometimes get overwhelmed with the amount of secrets and stories they hope to write down. A quick variant of this aphorism, “Pick a Man,” encourages a ghoul to make a choice when they’ve been dithering over options, but to do so deliberately rather than recklessly.
### Let the Flesh Fester
Ghouls are patient creatures in some ways, and this particular phrase is often used by a ghoul who faces a situation where simply waiting it out will resolve the problem in the ghoul’s favor. The aphorism points, of course, to the fact that ghouls vastly prefer the taste of dead flesh over fresh meat. To a ghoul, the ravenous falling upon a freshly killed victim is the mindless act of a hungry zombie, and nothing at all akin to the refined methods a proper ghoul follows when preparing a kill for the table.
## Holy Text
Kabriri’s worshippers hold the written word as sacred, for it is in this way that one can not only preserve the secrets of the dead, but given time, can hide those same secrets among the pages of a vast collection of texts and tomes. Each ghoul is bound to have a personalized list of books they either hope to one day own or already covet, and the titles and topics of these collections can vary wildly. Nevertheless, certain books are regarded as particularly important to ghouls, such as the Book of the Dead or the Necronomicon. To those who worship Kabriri, and particularly to his clerics, one book stands above the rest—Secret Meats, a collection of “prayer-recipes” said to recount the thousand and one most delicious flesh-feasts Kabriri enjoyed in his earlier days of traveling the worlds. At a brief glance, the pages within seem to recount one grisly, abhorrent method of preparing a dead person’s flesh for decay and consumption, but those who can stomach the excruciatingly detailed accounts and upsetting illustrations can discover hints and accounts of ancient civilizations spread across the ageless universe.
### Prayer to Kabriri
Behold the breath of hungry death
That winnows from His jaws.
We chose your meat because it’s sweet— 
And pleases Him Who Gnaws.
[[TTRPGs/The World of Geb/The World of Geb.md|]]