---
title: "Session 40"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 40
Investigating the commotion, Xael and Uraelle head up some stairs from the trench where they see a pair of enlarged dreugar chasing svirneblin through an emptied market. Andr'el climbs the side of a trench on a riding lizard as the dreugar kill one of the fleeing svirneblin. Andr'el approaches as a svirneblin runs past carrying a bag and asking for help. Thinking the svirneblin a thief, he fires a magic missile at the bag, exploding it, revealing causing a variety of tools to go flying loose. Tazlynn approaches the top of the stairs, waiting for engagement with whoever the combatants might be. As the svirneblin continues to run, Xael runs in disguised as a dreugar. Attempting to separate the combatants, Andr'el casts wall of water around the svirneblin, stopping him, but not thinking of the enlarged size of the dreugar. Believing the dragonborn to be assisting, they swing through the wall of water, hitting the svirneblin.

Fleeing through the wall of water, the deep gnome hides inside a pot as the party engages the dreugar. Nearing death, they turn invisible, but Uraelle is able to detect them, and kills one before he flees. Xael approaches the hiding svirneblin as Andr'el gathers the some of the contents of the exploded bag into a basket. Bringing the svirneblin to the party, he tells them the dreugar are attacking all the svirneblin, claiming they stole a gem of sizable proportion.

The svirneblin leads the party to the Knight's Shadow Enclave, where inside an open-sided pavilion, they see four female drow waiting. Sneaking closer, Uraelle notices one is glowing with strong abjuration magic while Tazlynn notices a gargoyle perched on a cliff ledge above. While discussing how to proceed, Knight's Shadow members appear from double-doors to the north and head into the pavilion, noticing Tazlynn standing near by. Sending off a contingent to speak with the party, the majority of the black network head into the pavilion and discuss with the drow splitting Mantol-Derith between their groups once the dreugar kill the svirneblin off. As a beholder appears from the same doors and approaches the meeting, Tazlynn speaks with the thugs, showing them a symbol of the Knight's Shadow. The thugs then ask her to take a seat and await Ghazrim DuLoc. While waiting, combat ensues within the pavilion, the party engaging mostly on the side of the drow, attacking the beholder.

As the party comes under control of the beholder and most of the drow fled or dead, Ghazrim calls for the party to place down their weapons, the party obliges. 