---
title: "Session 10"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 10
After resting, the party approaches Basidia and has them lead the party to Rasharoo so they can gain access to the upper tiers. While traveling the upper tiers, the party reaches the a clearing among the fungal growth, littered with corpses, some still breathing. The meet a drow, asking for the party to kill her, warning them of Zuggtmoy, one of the greater demons. At this point Yestabrod appears, a former miconid, but now appearing to be some form of fungal larva that speaks to the party with plans to add them to the pile. During the battle Sarith grips his head in pain as it splits open, turning into a spore servant. After defeating Yestabrod, the party takes a short rest before chanting is heard. A gathering of humanoid shaped plant creatures, bridesmaids and chamberlains of Zuggtmoy, approach the mound while the party hides in the nearby fungal canopy. The party witnesses what appears to be a wedding rehersal, with the puppeted corpse of Yestabrod acting as the priest. A vision appears to the party of Zuggtmoy within the chambers of Yggmorgus, reparing for some type of ceremonial joining with Araumycos, a massive colony of fungus living in a large section of the underdark. Andr'el weeps in a combination of fear and happiness at the spectacle, unable to stop for some time.

After witnessing the event, the party decides to head downwards, towards Yggmorgus, while Fenegir and and Eldeth remain behind, traveling to inform Basidia of the events that have occurred. While traveling down the slope, the party comes across a variety of horrors, from the terrain leaking a spongy ooze, to creatures being birthed from bursting pustules. As they get closer, the chanting grows louder, to a deafening chorus of groans and burbles as an array of creatures are seen dancing as if their bones are melting, vomiting slime and roaring in mock merriment. The party joins in.

Some time later, Uraelle and Xael awaken from their dancing stupor, and again approach the entrance to Yggmorgus, dragging their companions with them. Opening the doors wide, Zuggtmoy is seen before them, instantly driving them mad. Xael having an itch that can never be gotten rid of, Uraelle slowly loosing her intelligence, unable to remember things, but having flashes of insight. Tazlynn finds herself staring off into space for long stretches of time, and Andr'el witnesses the shifting between the material and the plane of shadow, unable to discern the difference between the two at times. The party retreats back up the slope with dancing companions in tow. Fenegir tells the party Basidia and those loyal to them have retreated, though he now knows of which passage to take to the surface and leads the party away. 