---
title: "Session 09"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 09
Recovering from the encounter with gas spore, the party continues, gathering food and water along the way. During one excursion, they come across a shelter placed in a nook to the side. Andr'el heads further down the cavern, scouting for the owner, while the remaining party gathers some water. Andr'el is then surprised by a dirty dwarf wearing threadbare clothing and holding a dagger at Andrel's back. Xael, hearing a squeak from down the tunnel, goes to investigate, seeing a dwarf, attempting to sneak up and failing, the dwarf turns around, shoves Andr'el behind himself to protect them, then hurls a dagger at Xael, missing by a wide margin. Andrel then presses his hand to the dwarfs head, threatening to blow him up if he moves. A conversation between the three ensues, the dwarf being an escaped prisoner from Menzoberrenzen, and seeking a way to the surface. Xael reveals himself as an outcast, also seeking the surface, and an alliance forms with Fenegir Stonehaft.

The party continues on their way to Neverlight Grove, and enter a wide cavern encountering a demon on a ledge, a Vrock. the Vrock cackles and swoops down upon the party, shrieking and stunning a few, then flapping its wings, releasing poisonous spores into the air surrounding it. The party survives the encounter, gathering some of the creatures smoldering ashes as it burns away upon its death.

A few days later, the party turns a corner and views a glowing cavern covered in fungus in a variety of colors, Neverlight Grove. Traveling down a path towards a pool of water at the center, they are approached by a large fungal creature that releases a burst of spores, revealing themselves as Sovereign Phylo. Phylo speaks of a coming event, a great marvelous celebration and a day of joy, when Sovereign Basidia approaches, offering to give them a tour of Neverlight Grove, and revealing their Circle had arrived a few years ago and joined with Phylo's Circle, but they have been behaving strangely lately, limiting access to Yggmorgus and no longer merging as a whole. Basidia asks the party to investigate the tower. As they pass by a forest of mushrooms, they are approached by Loobamub, showing them the slope up to the Circle of Explorers, and mentioning a grick and a shambling mound that have been plaguing them recently, and requests the corpses be returned to them. The party goes up the slope, but are stopped by Rasharoo, saying they'll show the party how to reach Yggmorgus once they return with Basidia. Heading back down the slope, they head into the mushroom forest, and slay an alpha grick, hauling it back to Loobamub to turn into a spore servant. The party takes a moment to rest, and is approached again by Basidia giving them each a potion of greater healing within a hollowed out mushroom gourd. 