---
title: "Session 08"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 08
The following day, darkmantles descend from the ceiling as the party is sucked towards a whirlpool. The party quickly dispatches the conical tentacled creatures, and the boat containing Tazlynn, Uraelle, and Eldeth bypasses the whirlpool without any issues. Xael, Andr'el, and Sarith are not as fortunate, unable to push themselves away. Giving it some thought, a plan is formed, and the three steer the boat further into they eye, nearly capsizing before rocketing out of the whirlpool. Andr'el attempts to cook some darkmantle meat, though it turns rubbery in texture, while Uraelle pulls one of the eyes for later sale as an alchemical agent.

After a few days rest, a grouping of ixitxachitl approach the boat. The manta-ray shaped beings attempt to eat the underside of the hull, when Xael captures one on a hook. Using telepathy, he attempts to instruct the beings to pull their boats, but is met only with images of the creatures rending the parties flesh deep underwater. Xael responds by furiously stabbing the creature, and is met with visions of Demogorgon in all his glory. In fear of the demon lord hiding in the shadows, and not wanting to face such horrors, Xael then proceeds to blind himself by casting light upon his own eyes. Cowering in the prow of the boat, he placed out his hand seeking assurance that all would be alright, to be met with the slimy flipper-hand of their boats guide to comfort him.

Two days later, Xael recovering from the temporary blindness, a swarm of quippers appears. Uraelle casts a few sleep spells on the sharp-toothed fish, capturing them to restore their rations. Days later, Xael's sight has recovered, and he trades the cooked darkmantle for a pair of nets and a dead quipper. Four days from then, the party reaches the coast nearest Neverlight Grove and begin traveling across land, saying goodbye to their porters, Xael stealing and tossing a fish scale charm from his friend.

The second day after again traveling by foot, the party encounters a gas spore filling the pathway. Circumnavigation could take days, so they send Andr'el to investigate. Finding no easy way around it, he backs up to fire off an attack at it, bursting it from within. Both Andr'el and Sarith, their guide, fall into a fevered dream state memories of a beholder chasing svirneblin, deep gnomes, through tunnels after they had stolen some of its gems. Realizing the danger their poisoned comrades have entered, the remaining members quickly fashion some needles and tubing from fish bones and intestines, and set up a filter system to purge the blood of the deadly toxin.