---
title: "Session 14"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 14
Seeing a trail, even through the light snow, the party follows it towards their hoped for destination. Atop a burial mound stands the wright, a few cultists, and an array of zombies, fresh dead from the cultist banditry. A battle commences with Andr'el creating a blaze of fire over the zombies and Fenegir slaying the wight on a lucky hit, resulting in the cultists fleeing.

Traversing down the spiral stair at the top of the mound, Xael discovers the tomb of the wight, recently unearthed. Within, a simple chamber of marble with a statue of an angel holding an vase. Attempting to topple the statue, Xael pushes, pulls, and chips away at its base to no effect, as the statue is attached to the wall. Pulling down on the arms lowers the floor to an onyx door carved with a relief of a battle against a dragon. And'rel opens the door and is hit with a blast of lightning, knocking him unconscious, but Fenegir aids by taking a potion from Xael's pouch. Within the next room sits a sarcophagus, naming the wight a hero and feller of many giants during a past war. Pushing open the lid, the party finds it mostly empty, with only a mythrawood bow within that is given to Uraelle. Not finding any levers to raise the floor once more, the party utilizes a grappling hook and rope to attempt to climb out, though without much to hold onto, Uraelle and Tazlynn have to brace for the remaining party to climb. A few minutes later, with the party still struggling to climb the rope, the floor begins to raise to its starting position. Exiting the mound, they find the wight armored in majestic, if worn, blue dragon scale armor, which is acquired by Tazlynn.

Returning to Death's Haven, the party is greeted by the abbot, who guides them through the back of the monasteries doors to a pool of blood. Informing the party that they must commune with The Final path to receive her blessing and remove any curses that might be afflicting them by submerging themselves within. Each does so, and has the sensation of drowning within the blood, to see a vision of a mask with a single black stripe down it's lips. The party awakens on the side of the pool, coughing blood from their lungs, all scars and ailments removed. The abbot welcomes them to stay the night. Xael spends some time in the abbeys library, reading various letters from monks, and garnering information about a tool called the Culler of Chaff.

The next morning, discussion of where to travel next comes up. Xael suggesting a return to Stracili to speak with Proclin, and possibly take the decanter of Furias to help destroy the demon lords within the underdark. 