---
title: "Session 17"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 17
Heading to the Central Guardhouse within the Administration District, the party speaks with the front desk and are pointed to the Southern Guard Tower, to speak with Lieutenant Shella. Shella greets the party at the towers entrance, and invites them in, offering candy. Xael, under a guise of a private investigator, asks for information on the thieves guild. Shella shares documents listing known associates, the party recognizing a few names of those that were at Local Exotic Goods, with Andr'el recognizing the name of an old tiefling friend when he was living on the streets, Therai, and that he frequents Old Margaret's Soup House in the slums. Shella informs the party that the thieves guild has ties to a tavern (one of the 43 within the city), and mentions Jacobs and Phil being two guards who patrol a section of the Merchant District near Local Exotic Goods. Shella additionally shares that there have been no reports in the last month about the thieves guild extorting shops, even from the most boisterous of merchants, Shoomma, the dwarven blacksmith. Not seeing any descriptions matching the caster that assaulted them last night, Xael forges information into the documents.

The party heads to Old Margaret's Soup House Andr'el heading in alone, the others staking out the location. Andr'el asks around about Therai, but finds he hasn't been in recently, and no one is sure where he stays. Heading to Shoomma's, the party cuts the leather straps on Tazlynn's armor before realizing her armor is dragons hide, and not metal. Heading inside, the party asks Shoomma if she recognizes the scimitars from the ambush. She reveals that they are made by Morty, another weaponsmith in the merchant district. They speak with her about the thieves guild, but not gaining any new information before buying some new weapons.

Heading to Morty's, Xael disguises himself as a guard being accompanied by a group of private investigators. While speaking with Morty, he reveals they were purchased by a dwarven merchant, Glimmer Brack, who's caravan was assaulted by bandits, with the weapons being stolen about a month ago. Morty also tells he filed a report seven days ago of a recent shake-down by the thieves guild to Jacobs and Phil. Thinking to follow Jacobs and Phil, Xael asks Morty to fake a report of robbery, but Jacobs and Phil are not the two who appeared.

Heading to the closets Guard Tower to the merchant district, the party discovers that Jacobs and Phil haven't checked in for the last 6 days, and find out a common guard hangout, the Pint and Shackle, would be the best place to find them. After eating a meal at the Pint and Shackle, the party asks around and determines where Phil lives before returning to the Purple Goat Inn and resting for the night. During the night, Xael has a vision of a gibbering mouther, drawing what he remembers in the morning.

Heading to Phil's house, the party speak with his wife, Mabel, finding out that Phil hasn't been in at night for about a week, and has only shown up a few times during the day to eat meals before leaving; remaining not very talkative, she assumed it was attributed to stress of work at night. Mabel then informs them that Jacobs usually came by before heading to the merchant quarter, but she hasn't seen him in over a week and gives the party Jacobs address.

Arriving at Jacobs house, the party finds it's been abandoned for over a month; rotten meat on the counter and dust covering the surfaces. Within Jacobs bedroom the party finds some reports referencing Jacobs investigation into the location of the thieves guild. He believed it to be tied to a tavern called the Silver Flagon within the merchant district.

When on their way to the merchant district, the party sees smoke coming from a fire a few blocks away, and barricades blocking the roads into the merchant district, with the bodies of guards and a few presumed thieves guild members. Disguising himself as a guard, Xael attempts to cross the barriers and a crossbow bolt whizzes by him as a warning, quickly transitioning into a dwarf, he runs for cover as more bolts fly towards him. 