---
title: "Session 22"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 22
Meeting with Phil, the party finds out that Shoomma seems to be the one who sent the message. Visiting Shoomma, they find out drinks and food will be free and decide to attend. Heading to Stony Gaze Tavern the next afternoon, the party drinks and eats their fill of roasted pork, cheeses, stews, and other various hearty foods. Praise from all in attendance, including Lieutenant Shella, Shoomma, Arthur Razor, a few other prominent merchants, and the Earl's sister Eriana. Eriana personally thanks each of the party members, regrettably informing them that the Earl is busy this evening and would not be in attendance, but sends his gratitude. As a sign of thanks Eriana gives each party a fine silver brooch set with a rich purple amethyst. The bard Nankiy offers entertainment, playing his fine lute throughout the evening, capping off the night with a poetic retelling of the adventurers' exploits.

During the evening, Andr'el enters into a relationship with Zaira, an alchemist who drugged Andr'el with a love potion. Xael also enters into a relationship, while Tazlynn earns the ire and enmity Arthur Razor of Golden Age Cheese.

Dozens of toasts and loud rounds of applause later, the party heads out, along the road, a clear, loud voice calls out from an ally of to the side and the party is beset by assassins, one holding a massive glaive. Quickly taking out Andr'el, but falling in battle to a quick sleep spell by Uraelle, the glaive wielder is captured and unconsious, she transforms into an oni, a large blue-skinned beast with horns and innate magical ability. After sending Fenegir off to gather a city guard, the party realizes the oni is slowly healing from their wounds, thinking it best to down their captured foe, the party unleashes a barrage of magic, quickly blasting the creature to ash, it's glaive the only thing remaining.

Fenegir soon arrives with Shella and a small group of guards. The party explains the situation before retiring for the night. While resting, the party is beset by nightmares of an alien world, and upon waking, quickly discuss their visions over breakfast before interrupted by a town crier announcing the Earl will make an appearance at the keep.

Arriving at the keep, the party see's less than half of the cities populous in attendance, and as the Earl appears on a tower balcony, Xael see's a cloaked figure with solid white eyes within the shadows. During the address, the Earl decrees a new set of edicts, setting a curfew at night, closing the city gates from travel, making illegal the carrying of weapons, dismantling the Wardens of Twilight and setting out an arrest warrant for the High Priest and the Flame's Champion and the temples acolytes.

Near the end of these strong edicts, the Earl gives two more, calling all able-bodied citizens of the militia to report to the barracks, and that additional protection from outside forces are required. At the end of the speech, a barbed devil appears on the roof of the tower, and the Earl retreats within.

With the edicts complete, the crowd disperses, many heading to the barracks, with the party going along with them. At the barracks, the party hears rumors of a pillar of flame emerging from the Temple to the Wardens of Twilight, and how beasts have been seen lurking outside the city walls. Bearded devils can be seen standing at attention around the citizens as they head in to get their weapons, as town criers, accompanied by more bearded devils announce the Earls new edicts. Upon getting to the front of the line, Captain Marshal personally speaks with the party, grouping them together and placing them on night patrol within the Temple District.

Resting for the remainder of the day, the party then heads out to the Temple District at dusk, noticing patrols of militia accompanied by bearded devils, with very few town guards to be seen. As night falls, the party hears an unearthly howl from outside the city. Thinking to take advantage of the situation, the party stops by a few temples, either asking for help in the form of holy water, or pretending to be confiscating healing goods before heading the the Temple to the Wardens of Twilight. Upon arriving, the party see's a 20 ft. diameter column of crackling fire protruding from what was once a reflecting pool, a portal to hell.