---
title: "Session 20"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 20
Hanging back while escorting the rescued prisoners, Uraelle brings up that there is a bounty on Magnus that she has been perusing separately from the parties main actions. Upon leaving the merchant quarter the party splits from the rescued prisoners, taking Aymery along with them, and return to the Purple Goat to rest. While in his trance, Xael has an image flash through is mind of a mind flayer with an open eye on his hand and forehead. Quickly waking, Xael sketches out his visions. In the afternoon, the party splits, with Andr'el and Fenegir heading off to heal Aymery, and Uraelle, Xael, and Tazlynn heading to collect the bounty on Magnus.

When Andr'el and company reach the Temple to the Wardens of Twilight, they realize they do not have funds to recover the injuries that Aymery has received, and travel to the Golden Dawn Campus. Placing the regeneration costs on Proclin's tab, Aymery is restored. The group then heads to the apothecary and recovers the prosthetic eye for Uraelle to use, then waits near the west gate.

As Uraelle leads the group out the west gate, miming Magnus as a drunkard, they reach a farm with a barn off the side of the main road with a horse inside. Entering the barn the group ties Magnus to a pole while waiting for the bounty collector to appear. As time passes, cold creeps in through the cracks, and the lights from fires go out. The emissary of the Snow Queen appears as the horse runs out scared. The Emissary thanks Uraelle for her work, cuts Magnus down, then quickly disappears. Outraged, Xael complains about the lack of bounty reward as they head back to the city and rejoin the party. Heading back to the inn, the party sleeps through the night.

In the morning, the party heads to the central guardhouse where they are asked of their intentions by the secretary. Proving to be the adventures that rescued Phil, the party receives an audience with Captain Marshal, accompanied by a recovering Phil, who gives the party a letter of reward to be turned into the Diamond Throne Bank (any branch). The party asks a number of questions, with Captain Marshal informing the party that Local Exotic Goods was one of the businesses that had burned down, that the thieves guild property will go up for auction within 2 to 3 months (Proclin will be contacted once the auction begins), that any messages to the party should be sent to Phil, and the party will be checking in with him, and that the best cheese shop in the city is owned by Arthur Razor.

Afterwards the party goes to the Golden Dawn Campus and being a member of the Golden Dawn, Uraelle has her eye regenerated at a discount. The party then follows up on the letters Victor had received and heads to the Reality Wrinkle with Xael disguised as Victor. Andr'el stays outside to watch the entrance as the remaining party enters.

Upon entering, the party becomes uneasy of the building. Acting, Victor speaks with Jelltik behind the counter. Heading to the back of the store, Jelltik says they can help Victor escapes if he brings the dwarves with him near the basement trap door. Pretending to agree, Xael tricks Jelltik in exposing his back, and swiftly kills him. Going to investigate the stairs, the party is attacked by a gibbering mouther, upon its defeat, a cloaked figure appears at the top of the stairs and attempts to flee back upstairs before stopped and killed. Underneath the cloak, it's revealed the former person has fish-like features, with leathery skin, an oddly opening jaw, and webbed hands and feet. 