---
title: "Session 04"
tags: [ootaNotes]
---
## Session 04
Deciding to return to Tadium, the party spends the night at Hari’s once more. Come the morning they head to the elders house and receive a sealed letter that can be turned in for a reward at the guard tower in Rubicon. Taking the day to travel to Glimerton, they come across Aiyu, who had spent their time performing various guard duties for caravans. Xael collects his new paints at the general store and the party stays night at the Glimerton Inn. During the night, Xael sneaks back to the general store and begins stealing some healing potions in the guise of a dwarf. Unfortunately, he made a loud sound, alerting the shop owner to his presence and absconded with fewer potions than intended. After stashing his goods, Xael sneaked back into town under his normal appearance, where he encountered a night patrol investigating the robbery, though they do not suspect him. The following morning, the party departs for Rubicon.

With no encounters on the way, the party heads to the guard tower to receive a reward before turning in for the night. Aiyu, wishing to procure a saddle they can ride in while sleeping, gets help from both Xael and Andr’el in the theft. With Andr’el playing the lookout, Xael and Aiyu sneak to the leather-workers shop, but in an attempt to knock him out with a drow sleeping poisoned bolt, the shop owner sees Aiyu before falling unconscious. Convincing Aiyu to retrieve the saddle while Xael recovers the bolt, Xael slits the throat of the leather-worker. A patrol approaches the building after hearing reports of a noise, knocking at the door. Andr’el creates a distraction by casting a spell on a nearby building, allowing the two inside to escape and return to the inn. After the guards kick-in the door and observe that the shop owner is dead, Andr’el sneaks off before he can be found and the party heads to rest.

The next morning, the party travels through the rain and heads to Mervin’s Magical Muftis, owned by Mervin, who leads the party to the Glass Cannoneer where they meet up with Joga. Joga speaks with the party, aware of Proclin's desires, Joga helps the party plan for the heist of the Decanter of Furias, a dangerous artifact, from the Redwater estate. Xael takes up a position to watch the guard rotation as Joga procures some sleeping bombs and two invitations to a private party being held in the next few days.

With Andr’el and Tazlynn attending the party, the remaining members sneak through a side entrance and make their way to the wine cellar unnoticed. Bypassing the locked door, they take the decanter, but not before removing the ward attached to the pedestal it rests on. The infiltrating members then escape the manor without notice and deliver the decanter to Joga, receiving a payment for the services. While still attending the party, the Redwaters discover the theft. Andr’el then confesses his party performing the crime, and both he and Tazlynn are taken away to the guard tower. Xael, witnessing this event, sends the other two off to the hanged-man tree they encountered weeks back, hoping to find some way of freeing the other members of the party. Though while being interrogated, Tazlynn gives a description of all those involved in the theft.